docs/user-guide/configure-clients.md, before:

﻿## Required Urls

For all clients, the `M3U` and/or the `XMLTV` urls are needed and can be copied from the top right of the ErsatzTV UI.

![ErsatzTV M3U and XMLTV Links](../images/etv-m3u-xmltv-links.png)

## Supported Clients

- [Plex](#plex)
- [Jellyfin](#jellyfin)
- [TiviMate](#tivimate)
- [Channels DVR](#channels-dvr)

## Plex

A [Plex Pass](https://www.plex.tv/plex-pass/) is required for ErsatzTV to work with Plex.

## Jellyfin

Jellyfin requires two steps to configure Live TV:

- [Add Tuner Device](#add-tuner-device)
- [Add TV Guide Data](#add-tv-guide-data)

### Add Tuner Device

From the Admin Dashboard in Jellyfin, click `Live TV` and `+` to add a new tuner device:

![Jellyfin Add Tuner Device](../images/jellyfin-add-tuner-device.png)

For `Tuner Type` select `HD Homerun`, and for `Tuner IP Address` enter ErsatzTV's IP address and port, like `192.168.1.100:8409` (use your server IP, not necessarily 192.168.1.100).

![Jellyfin Live TV Tuner Setup](../images/jellyfin-live-tv-tuner-setup.png)

### Add TV Guide Data

From the Admin Dashboard in Jellyfin, click `Live TV` and `+` to add a tv guide data provider and select `XMLTV`.

![Jellyfin Add TV Guide Data Provider](../images/jellyfin-add-tv-guide-data-provider.png)

Enter the `XMLTV` url from ErsatzTV (see [required urls](#required-urls)) and click `Save`.

![Jellyfin XMLTV Settings](../images/jellyfin-xmltv-settings.png)

## TiviMate

### Add Playlist

Start by adding a playlist under `Settings` > `Playlists` > `Add playlist`.
The playlist type is `M3U Playlist` and the url is the `M3U` url from ErsatzTV (see [required urls](#required-urls)).

![TiviMate Playlist URL](../images/tivimate-playlist-url.png)

Change the playlist name if desired, and leave `TV playlist` selected.

### Add EPG

The EPG url should be automatically detected by TiviMate, but can be manually entered as the `XMLTV` url from ErsatzTV (see [required urls](#required-urls)).

![TiviMate EPG URL](../images/tivimate-epg-url.png)

## Channels DVR

Commit message:

add channels dvr server setup

docs/user-guide/configure-clients.md, after:

﻿## Required Urls

For all clients, the `M3U` and/or the `XMLTV` urls are needed and can be copied from the top right of the ErsatzTV UI.

![ErsatzTV M3U and XMLTV Links](../images/etv-m3u-xmltv-links.png)

## Supported Clients

- [Plex](#plex)
- [Jellyfin](#jellyfin)
- [TiviMate](#tivimate)
- [Channels DVR Server](#channels-dvr-server)

## Plex

A [Plex Pass](https://www.plex.tv/plex-pass/) is required for ErsatzTV to work with Plex.

## Jellyfin

Jellyfin requires two steps to configure Live TV:

- [Add Tuner Device](#add-tuner-device)
- [Add TV Guide Data](#add-tv-guide-data)

### Add Tuner Device

From the Admin Dashboard in Jellyfin, click `Live TV` and `+` to add a new tuner device:

![Jellyfin Add Tuner Device](../images/jellyfin-add-tuner-device.png)

For `Tuner Type` select `HD Homerun`, and for `Tuner IP Address` enter ErsatzTV's IP address and port, like `192.168.1.100:8409` (use your server IP, not necessarily 192.168.1.100).

![Jellyfin Live TV Tuner Setup](../images/jellyfin-live-tv-tuner-setup.png)

### Add TV Guide Data

From the Admin Dashboard in Jellyfin, click `Live TV` and `+` to add a tv guide data provider and select `XMLTV`.

![Jellyfin Add TV Guide Data Provider](../images/jellyfin-add-tv-guide-data-provider.png)

Enter the `XMLTV` url from ErsatzTV (see [required urls](#required-urls)) and click `Save`.

![Jellyfin XMLTV Settings](../images/jellyfin-xmltv-settings.png)

## TiviMate

### Add Playlist

Start by adding a playlist under `Settings` > `Playlists` > `Add playlist`.
The playlist type is `M3U Playlist` and the url is the `M3U` url from ErsatzTV (see [required urls](#required-urls)).

![TiviMate Playlist URL](../images/tivimate-playlist-url.png)

Change the playlist name if desired, and leave `TV playlist` selected.

### Add EPG

The EPG url should be automatically detected by TiviMate, but can be manually entered as the `XMLTV` url from ErsatzTV (see [required urls](#required-urls)).

![TiviMate EPG URL](../images/tivimate-epg-url.png)

## Channels DVR Server

[Channels Plus](https://getchannels.com/plus/) is required for ErsatzTV to work with Channels (via Channels DVR Server).

### Add Custom Channel Source

In Channels DVR Server Settings, click `Add Source` and select `Custom Channels`.

- Give your custom channel source a name
- Select `MPEG-TS` as the stream format
- Enter the `M3U` url from ErsatzTV (see [required urls](#required-urls))
- Select `Refresh URL daily`
- Set a stream limit if desired (not required)
- Click `Save`

![Channels Custom Channel Source](../images/channels-custom-channels-source.png)

### Add Guide Data Provider

In Channels DVR Settings, click the gear icon next to the ErsatzTV channel source and select `Set Provider`:

![Channels Guide Data Set Provider](../images/channels-guide-data-set-provider.png)

Click the drop down next to zip code and select `XMLTV > Custom URL`:

![Channels XMLTV Custom URL Dropdown](../images/channels-xmltv-custom-url-dropdown.png)

Enter the `XMLTV` url from ErsatzTV (see [required urls](#required-urls)) and click `Save`.

![Channels XMLTV Custom URL](../images/channels-xmltv-custom-url.png)
