docs/user-guide/install.md, before:

﻿ErsatzTV is available as Docker images and as pre-built binary packages for Windows, MacOS and Linux. 

## Docker Images

<a href="https://hub.docker.com/r/jasongdove/ersatztv"><img alt="Docker Pull Count" src="https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/jasongdove/ersatztv"></a>

### Latest Release Tags

Base (software transcoding): `jasongdove/ersatztv:latest`

Nvidia hardware-accelerated transcoding: `jasongdove/ersatztv:latest-nvidia`

VAAPI hardware-accelerated transcoding: `jasongdove/ersatztv:latest-vaapi`

### Development Tags

Development tags update much more frequently, but have the potential to be less stable than releases. 

Base (software transcoding): `jasongdove/ersatztv:develop`

Nvidia hardware-accelerated transcoding: `jasongdove/ersatztv:develop-nvidia`

VAAPI hardware-accelerated transcoding: `jasongdove/ersatztv:develop-vaapi`

### Docker

1. Download the latest container image

```
docker pull jasongdove/ersatztv
```

2. Create a directory to store configuration data

```
mkdir /path/to/config
```

3. Create and run a container

```
docker run -d \
  --name ersatztv \
  -e TZ=America/Chicago \
  -p 8409:8409 \
  -v /path/to/config:/root/.local/share/ersatztv \
  -v /path/to/shared/media:/path/to/shared/media:ro \
  --restart unless-stopped \
  jasongdove/ersatztv
```

### Unraid Docker

## Windows

### Manual Installation

1. Create a folder `ersatztv` at your preferred install location.
2. Download and extract the latest version to the `ersatztv` folder.
3. Run `ErsatzTV.exe`
4. Open your browser to `http://[server-ip]:8409`

## MacOS

### Manual Installation

1. Create a folder `ersatztv` at your preferred install location.
2. Download and extract the latest version to the `ersatztv` folder.
3. Run `ErsatzTV`
4. Open your browser to `http://[server-ip]:8409`

## Linux

### Manual Installation

1. Create a folder `ersatztv` at your preferred install location.
2. Download and extract the latest version to the `ersatztv` folder.
3. Run `ErsatzTV`
4. Open your browser to `http://[server-ip]:8409`

Commit message:

Added UnRAID Docker install, formatting fixes (#100)
Co-authored-by: Thaddeus Cooper <redacted@redacted.co.nz>

docs/user-guide/install.md, after:

﻿ErsatzTV is available as Docker images and as pre-built binary packages for Windows, MacOS and Linux. 

## Docker Images

<a href="https://hub.docker.com/r/jasongdove/ersatztv"><img alt="Docker Pull Count" src="https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/jasongdove/ersatztv"></a>

### Latest Release Tags

Base (software transcoding): `jasongdove/ersatztv:latest`

Nvidia hardware-accelerated transcoding: `jasongdove/ersatztv:latest-nvidia`

VAAPI hardware-accelerated transcoding: `jasongdove/ersatztv:latest-vaapi`

### Development Tags

Development tags update much more frequently, but have the potential to be less stable than releases. 

Base (software transcoding): `jasongdove/ersatztv:develop`

Nvidia hardware-accelerated transcoding: `jasongdove/ersatztv:develop-nvidia`

VAAPI hardware-accelerated transcoding: `jasongdove/ersatztv:develop-vaapi`

### Docker

1\. Download the latest container image

```
docker pull jasongdove/ersatztv
```

2\. Create a directory to store configuration data

```
mkdir /path/to/config
```

3\. Create and run a container

```
docker run -d \
  --name ersatztv \
  -e TZ=America/Chicago \
  -p 8409:8409 \
  -v /path/to/config:/root/.local/share/ersatztv \
  -v /path/to/shared/media:/path/to/shared/media:ro \
  --restart unless-stopped \
  jasongdove/ersatztv
```

### Unraid Docker

 1. Install the Commuinity Applications plugin by pasting the following URL in the Plugins / Install Plugin section of UnRAID  

```
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Squidly271/community.applications/master/plugins/community.applications.plg
```  

 ![Community Applications Install](../images/unraid-install-community-apps.png)  
2. Click on the `Apps` tab in UnRAID, search for `ersatztv`, and click the `install` button.

![Search Community Applications ErsatzTV](../images/unraid-docker-install-ersatz.png)
3. Choose an appropriate branch (Use `vaapi` for video acceleration for AMD GPUs and Intel CPUs with QuickSync, use `nvidia` for video acceleration for nVidia GPUs)

![ErsatzTV Docker branches](../images/unraid-docker-ersatz-branches.png)
	<div align="center">`VAAPI` and `nVidia` branches are for hardware acceleration. See [latest release tags](install.md#latest-release-tags)</div>
4. Map your path to shared media

![Media Mapping](../images/unraid-docker-media-map.png)
5. <B>OPTIONAL</B> In advanced view, add extra parameters for video acceleration. **NOTE** The [nVidia-Driver plugin](https://forums.unraid.net/topic/98978-plugin-nvidia-driver/) must be installed prior to this step.

![Adding video acceleration options](../images/unraid-docker-ersatz-hwtranscoding.png)
6. Open your browser to `http://[docker-ip]:8409` (First run may take a few minutes to be available.)

## Windows

### Manual Installation

1. Create a folder `ersatztv` at your preferred install location.
2. Download and extract the latest version to the `ersatztv` folder.
3. Run `ErsatzTV.exe`
4. Open your browser to `http://[server-ip]:8409`

## MacOS

### Manual Installation

1. Create a folder `ersatztv` at your preferred install location.
2. Download and extract the latest version to the `ersatztv` folder.
3. Run `ErsatzTV`
4. Open your browser to `http://[server-ip]:8409`

## Linux

### Manual Installation

1. Create a folder `ersatztv` at your preferred install location.
2. Download and extract the latest version to the `ersatztv` folder.
3. Run `ErsatzTV`
4. Open your browser to `http://[server-ip]:8409`
